build(deps-dev): bump @types/node from 24.1.0 to 24.2.0 (#249)
adoptium/adoptium.net: src/asciidoc-pages/temurin/tck-affidavit/index.adoc

= TCK Affidavit
:page-authors: gdams

> Eclipse Adoptium certifies that all Eclipse Temurin binaries available from adoptium.net (except for those clearly marked as "intermediate builds") have passed all required Java SE compatibility tests, and are compliant and compatible implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eclipse Adoptium certifies that all Eclipse Temurin binaries available from adoptium.net (except for those clearly marked as "intermediate builds") have passed all requirements of the then-current Java SE compatibility test suite (JCK tests), and are compliant and compatible implementations.
```
